Create an infrared version of the given image.
Produce an infrared image from the image below.
Convert the following image to infrared.
Make an infrared representation of this image.
Transform this image into infrared format.
Generate a thermal image from the following.
Render the provided image in infrared.
Show this image in infrared mode.
Change this image to an infrared view.
Display the following image in infrared.
Convert the provided image into infrared style.
Apply infrared processing to the following image.
Reproduce this image in infrared.
Modify the given image to appear in infrared.
Visualize the following image with an infrared effect.
Develop an infrared depiction of the image below.
Redo this image as an infrared scene.
Generate an infrared output for this image.
Switch the following image to infrared.
Make this image appear in infrared tones.
Create an infrared version of the supplied image.
Turn this image into an infrared representation.
Present the provided image in infrared.
Produce a heat-mapped version of this image.
Style the following image with infrared colors.
Render the given image with an infrared overlay.
Alter the following image to infrared format.
Give an infrared interpretation of this image.
Convert this image to show in infrared.
Generate a thermal (infrared) image from this.
Transform the supplied image into infrared.
Develop an infrared-filtered version of this image.
Recreate the following image in infrared tones.
Display this image with infrared coloring.
Produce an infrared display of this image.
Change the given image into infrared shades.
Render an infrared adaptation of this image.
Adjust the following image to infrared style.
Make an infrared output for the image provided.
Create an infrared-style rendering of this image.
Process this image to show infrared colors.
Generate an infrared overlay for the following.
Show the following image with an infrared filter.
Redesign the provided image in infrared colors.
Create an infrared tone for the following image.
Adjust this image to display as infrared.
Render the following with an infrared transformation.
Generate a thermographic image from this.
Display the image below as infrared.
Convert this picture into infrared imagery.